we had to finish a conversation with salomon kalou
We headed out to the trail that offers so counted for a press conference
Ivorian team
unfortunately for us it can't do it
but this year it went where it sits behind a table
When the press conferences are over it goes the Ivorian press chief and for us
looking
he seems to be untraceable
eventually you go better and detect yourself
We are especially curious about his opinion about why African football players are up
Right now so successful at the larger the European clubs where does that come from
golden generation african soccer player
Yes but
I think and
both for
for the items for sale but also by jumbo
You can do apple here in the jungle year because that is your chin if I agree with you
especially on profit
everyone again to play up the third goal for orange
this because he is fat little boy
want to be then
been on the map for ages
think h after dry after which the authorities participate more than I play
not on
dekker mind ring
what should happen to african football
want to produce african world champion
are you thinking from the
the champion and the Africans
an agent saw start than planned
if I don't train for a year
the latest news
but i think i'm here
like all others
a few
I do not know anymore
the concentration and w
in variant
I really help
that most of the Ivorian players do not play at a top European club
Kennedy to take that experience into the team
7 to this message
pray when you look
and that
the photos I did not say product
according to plan and now when playing with more a garden in beijing
play at controlled the match and
4 you can play a player in that time and run at the club
primera make sure that more goods are in the pool
it always better
the match is the time that
he denies that
because if you can people with bad luck
2 mdp the player who plays
that is not true
I think so
good for trust
for that
play the game after an hour
do you have a message to me i have too
to be
the empire must get rid of it
again at twente greta arn
I work with it now
I have no and
no fat and
the artworks appears in a mystery dico and
yes i was a good come you can beat for me too
everybody is happy
that afterwards better for your chance
the attack involving this
not a good choice for her
and with it my support
therefore also a good choice
so no actions phone with but maybe
a problem in genes
now i am happy
singer happy ending